I can see what says Barry here today's
topic is school let's start off with my
schedule shall we
I get up I do my hair brush my teeth I
don't eat breakfast because I eat early
lunch there's like this period lunch I
eat what am i doing this oh I've closed
my face oh well haha so your party go I
go on the bus I meet up at Raven we say
hi or go to my my first free class /
homeroom because we're in civility in
the morning so that's where talk about
taking ones living in building and then
last year James is the other putting up
in this building everybody else is weird
weird anyway I have a school and rank I
and we like to see suffice movie which
is quiz already so yeah like seeing this
other thing now then second period I go
to zoology surely remember I just have
to word or something take going where
seniors dismiss me somewhere no it's
earthworms why I'd be very clear this
the world and you're eating right now
I'm sorry but we're gonna mess a long
skinny worms as they want to work with
starfish and things don't it cool what
we did that like the brains all up right
there and they're heavy but yeah so that
after thank you for your beautiful raven
gauge is oh that's on the classroom yeah
take your time your raven hair even so
oh my 33 good french 3 says hi mister
logo or Lexie or Jermaine or whoever
walks in he leaves it on Houston again
we go like this other stuff like bear
they say been another chore in French
something pollutes the Tonga palm boom
did produce yet tom luljak produce I
need to get it right
torn book put troll books drop off my
boots okay
any practice on that because it would
quiz not pretty soon and I probably felt
last one
fourth I go to English and we're doing
this essay thing so has like public
thing about child abuse or something and
you have like a PowerPoint on YouTube on
these days I can't even talk right now
yes it's got a work on music and we're
good this period I didn't have a ribbon
again that's the third time amoeba Raven
so nice on a good day presidential like
four or five times a day what best
friends do right anyway thanks to my bro
right up again as she's dancing thank
you like Emmett
oh my favorite actress yeah just a
stalker
alright not as well so lunch I hang out
with Cody Eric Lawrence
um well Dakota has bit prettier Jim but
something schizo sometimes do you hang
out with him uh Lucy's on anyway so how
the people here we have six period
sounds like lunch any of that if it's
not a good day I see very well through a
whole wide I'm gonna say something
so think four five times a day are see
Raven again really it's weird when it's
not no I know is I always get now sixth
period at Native Americans and all that
it's like the talkbot Native American
stuff like Cherokee and the Blackfoot
that blast wasn't it my arms my neighbor
I can try but figure that out give me a
year wife I got it
some Oh black foot Native American and
all
somewhere to have business so I go
upstairs for the building I'm in that
ace
I'm here with short so ace we go - yeah
let's go back downstairs go around just
go to my class it's like like south wing
east wing to the other wing is another
way another way in the other wing so I'm
all over the place but that's what's
pretty then much the other building
still like one class to worry about them
they're so nice wait does to the other
way right yeah business then it's
another good day that I see you walking
all away I say RI blah blah blah nice I
go to gym and it's weird cuz last year I
have like it in the morning and it's
weird because I'm not used to have your
last three bum cutting set now those
like this weird so that's not period
brittle glasses Ravens there yeah
awesome right your best friends right
there waiting for you oh so if you
forward it the crows rooster crows all
right that's my schedule the couple will
your dad doing funny no more schedule is
eat sleep
Bart per sleep again eat more Bart took
your birth yep burp fart burp fart
yeah all she does every has six minutes
oh we're going to connect me and my
selfie burping all right um so what the
thing is true
I want to keep it secret but then I
guess so I found it smells better anyway
Wednesday AB interview with raving about
this thing we have to do daughter and
Peter's will kill her later
yeah so um that's pretty much she
doesn't mean to me that's for as long as
I say so tell me if you see this then I
don't put message me on Facebook and my
yearbook young people yeah I guess a
little longer
yes yes nice shot for yahoo.com well
that's my yahoo that stuff only for
Facebook so nights are Priyanka on
Facebook and right there open eyes your
Harper that's right there and then
there's my yearbook and like the same
thing but I sure by your profession so
if you see this video then you just go
on there ask me questions and I'll
answer them so I'm just seeing that's
about it alright so we have Ziggy's
heads back with me seven minutes
last time eight those videos so also by
Q shout out shout out to Raven shout out
to Jenny and um that's why I said hi to
everybody lunch table Eric warrants Cody
Dakota who's not visiting us and
watching more but yeah hi and then shout
out to yet just a lot of like if I don't
put your name is B I'm sorry but no I'm
there
like I'm saying hi to you too peace you
do